Canvas Flow GA (#3713)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/faqs.md

### Why does the number of users entering a Canvas not match the expected number?

The number of users entering a Canvas may differ from your expected number because of how audiences and triggers are evaluated. In Braze, an audience is evaluated before the trigger (unless using a [change in attribute]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/delivery_types/triggered_delivery/attribute_triggers/#change-custom-attribute-value) trigger). This will cause users to drop out of the Canvas if not part of your selected audience before any trigger actions are evaluated.

> ## Canvas Flow

Reviewer: Might be nice to have a FAQ entry describing the difference between a component and a step.

* More post-launch edit capabilities to edit connections between steps, delete steps and variants, and redirect users to different steps
* A new Canvas toolbar that shows all Canvas components
* An ability to [clone]({{site.baseurl}}/cloning_canvases/) your stopped Canvases to Canvas Flow

### How can I use Canvas Flow?

To use the Canvas Flow workflow, go to **Canvas** under the **Engagement** tab. Click <i class="fas fa-plus"></i> **Create Canvas**. Next, you'll have the option of building with Canvas Flow or the original Canvas experience. Select **Canvas Flow Workflow** and begin building your Canvas as you normally would!

As you’re building or editing your Canvas, if you ever want to switch back to the original Canvas editor, click **Switch to original workflow** at the bottom of the Canvas composer or at the top of the Canvas builder. 

{% alert note %}
Switching from Canvas Flow to the original Canvas editor is allowed only if you do not use Canvas Flow features, and will only work if there are no Full Steps in your Canvas.
{% endalert %}

### What will happen to my Canvases that I created using the original editor?

> All of your existing Canvases and the current version of Canvas (Canvas V1) will continue to exist and be supported by Braze. Customers who choose to join Canvas Flow for early access will have the option of creating a Canvas using either the Canvas V1 or Flow workflow.

Reviewer 2: Are we still referring to the OG Canvas as Canvas V1?

```suggestion
All of your existing Canvases and the original Canvas editor will continue to exist and be supported by Braze. Customers who choose to join Canvas Flow for early access will have the option of creating a Canvas using either the original Canvas or Flow workflow.
```

#### Step behavior

Previously, each full step included information such as delay and schedule settings, exception events, audience filters, message configuration, and message advancement options all in one component. These are separate settings in Canvas Flow to make your Canvas building experience more customizable and introduces some differences in functionality.

#### Message component advancement

[Message components]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/message_step/) advance all users who enter the step. There is no requirement to specify message advancement behavior, making configuring the overall step simpler. If you want to implement the **Advance when message sent** option, add a separate Audience Paths to filter users that didn't receive the previous step.  

#### Delay "in" behavior

[Delay components]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/delay_step/) will wait the entire delay time before proceeding to the next step. 

Let's say on April 12 we have a Delay component where the delay is set to send your user to the next step in one day at 2pm. A user enters the component at 2:01pm on April 13. 

> - For Canvas V1, the user would proceed to the next step at 2pm on April 14, which is less than one day from the entry time. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For the original workflow, the user would proceed to the next step at 2pm on April 14, which is less than one day from the entry time. 
```

Reviewer 2: @lydia-xie also may want to format this to parallel the bullets in the next section, like:

> - **Canvas flow:** blah blah
> - **Original workflow:** blah blah

Let’s say your delay is set for 2 days, Intelligent Timing is turned on, and it has determined that the best time to send your message is 2pm. A user enters the Delay at 2:01pm.
- **Canvas flow:** It will take 48 hours for the delay to pass, so the user receives the message on the third day at 2pm.
- **Original workflow:** The user would receive the message on the second day at 2pm.

Note that if Intelligent Timing is turned on, the message will be sent within 24 hours of the user entering the Message component at the intelligent time identified (even if no Delay component is involved).

#### Exception events

##### Quiet Hours

Exception event functionality in Canvas Flow is applied using Action Paths, which are separate from Message Steps. Quiet Hours are enforced in the Message component. This means that if a user already passed the Action Path (and was not excluded with the exception event there), then hit quiet hours when they got to the Message component, and had their Canvas configured such that the message re-sends after the Quiet Hours period, the exception event will no longer be applied. Note that this use case is not common.

> For Segments and filters, the Canvas Flow Message component has a new feature called Delivery Validations that allows users to configure additional Segments and filters that are validated at send-time. This prevents the aforementioned Quiet Hours edge case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For segments and filters, the Canvas Flow Message component has a new feature called Delivery Validations that allows users to configure additional segments and filters that are validated at send-time. This prevents the aforementioned Quiet Hours edge case.
```
